trello (#1302)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.trello.md

# Trello

> The Trello node allows you to automate work in Trello, and integrate Trello with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Trello features, including creating, and deleting attachments, as well as adding new members. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trello node allows you to automate work in Trello, and integrate Trello with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Trello features, including creating and updating cards, and adding and removing members. 
```
